README.md, before:

# docker-tags

![logo](https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags/raw/main/images/docker-tags.png "docker-tags logo")

Retrieve tag list of a Docker repository.

## Repository

[https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags](https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags)

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags.git
cd docker-tags
sudo ln -s $PWD/docker-tags /usr/bin/docker-tags
```

## Usage

```bash
docker-tags <REPOSITORY>
```

## Usage with Docker

```bash
docker run --rm benjaminferon/docker-tags <REPOSITORY>
```

## All options

```text
Usage: docker-tags [OPTIONS] <REPOSITORY>
  Retrieve tag list of a Docker repository.

  REPOSITORY: Name of repository.

  OPTIONS:
    -h, --hide-pagination
           Don't show pagination.
    -s, --sort=WORD
            Sort tags by WORD. Possible values for WORD are 'last_updated' or 'name'.
            When sort by name, order is alphabetically inversed to show highest versions numbers first.
            Default is 'last_updated'.
    --help
            Show help.

  Examples: docker-tags ubuntu/bind9
            docker-tags -hs name php
```

Commit message:

Add -p,--page-size option for choosing number of tag to show per page

README.md, after:

# docker-tags

![logo](https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags/raw/main/images/docker-tags.png "docker-tags logo")

Retrieve tag list of a Docker repository.

## Repository

[https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags](https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags)

## Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/benjamin-feron/docker-tags.git
cd docker-tags
sudo ln -s $PWD/docker-tags /usr/bin/docker-tags
```

## Usage

```bash
docker-tags <REPOSITORY>
```

## Usage with Docker

```bash
docker run --rm benjaminferon/docker-tags <REPOSITORY>
```

## All options

```text
Usage: docker-tags [OPTIONS] <REPOSITORY>
  Retrieve tag list of a Docker repository.

  REPOSITORY: Name of repository.

  OPTIONS:
    -h, --hide-pagination
           Don't show pagination.
    -p, --page-size
           Number of tag per page. Due to Docker registry API limitation, maximum value is 100.
           Default is 100.
    -s, --sort=WORD
            Sort tags by WORD. Possible values for WORD are 'last_updated' or 'name'.
            When sort by name, order is alphabetically inversed to show highest versions numbers first.
            Default is 'last_updated'.
    --help
            Show help.

  Examples: docker-tags ubuntu/bind9
            docker-tags -hs name php
```
